>> Jem Young: So
now we'll talk about shells.
What is a shell?
I'll give you a hint.
You just used one five seconds ago.
Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Bash.
>> Jem Young: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Is the one that's included
with a lot of Unix systems by default, but
it basically allows you
to run command lines.
And run a lot of the basic systems
that that come along with Unix.
>> Jem Young: Exactly right, good answer.
The shell is just a command interpreter
to interface with a system.
Like I said, in the old days, the 80s,
[LAUGH] I'm dating myself now.
Not that long ago, that's all you had.
You just had this blinking cursor
when you sat down on a computer and
is really intimidating and
people are, what do I do?
There's no easy way to figure
out which commands you can run.
Heck, you probably didn't even know which
operating system you're on if you just sat
down on a random computer.
But shells are just a way
of talking to the OS,
to talk to the other applications
talking to the system.
The terminal is the application
that we're in here.
So I'm running iTerm which
it's pretty popular.
Some of you are probably
running something different.
If you're using Windows, you're probably
using PowerShell or something like that.
But Terminal it's just a wrapper
on shell applications.
And some of the more popular
shell applications are Bash,
that's what we're using today.
Probably, we'll check in a second.
ZSH is a really popular one.
There's more, I won't go into all of
them because they're not relevant.
But Bash is the primary one that
you're probably gonna see most often.
And it's on every operating
system that you need.
>> Jem Young: And, like I've said before,
the shell is just that
frontline that's the interface.
It is a user interface of sorts, and
it just talks to an application or the OS,
which talks to the kernel.
And the kernel is the core
of the operating system.
That's the thing that does all the work,
it talks to the actual machine layer.
So the great thing about using the shell
is we're not that far removed from
the actual code that's running underneath.
Versus a GUI which is
a few more steps removed.
Because that's usually gonna talk
to the shell in some sort or
run commands in that way.
If you wanna show the shell that
you're in, you can type, echo $0.
So let's try that now, echo,
which echo just repeats what I'm saying.
I want it to say $0, $ is just an
expansion and that expands the 0 variable.
And it says we're in bash.
If you're not in Bash,
you should let me know.
You're probably in Bash though, unless
someone told you to download something,
you should use the SH.
It's way cooler, which,
again, I'm not gonna get into that
debate today about which one is better.
But we'll use Bash because
it's standardized.